log_game_status:Game is start
log_game_status:Game is end (player input the exit command)
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:react from trap
log_game:decrease_health from player
log_game:set_event from Cell
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:react from trap
log_game:decrease_health from player
log_game:set_event from Cell
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:react from CeilingCollapse
log_game:set_passability from Cell
log_game:set_passability from Cell
log_game:set_passability from Cell
log_game:set_passability from Cell
log_game:set_event from Cell
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:react from boss
log_game:decrease_health from player
log_game:decrease_health from player
log_game:decrease_health from player
log_game:decrease_health from player
log_game:add_gold from player
log_game:set_event from Cell
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:new player position in Field
log_game:increase_step from player
log_game:react from ExitEvent
log_error:incorrect values for initializing field
log_error:incorrect input in React::Altar()
log_error:incorrect input in React::Altar()
log_error:incorrect input in React::Altar()
log_error:incorrect input in React::Altar()
log_error:incorrect input in React::Altar()
log_error:incorrect input in React::Altar()
